README.md, before:

[![Review Assignment Due Date](https://classroom.github.com/assets/deadline-readme-button-24ddc0f5d75046c5622901739e7c5dd533143b0c8e959d652212380cedb1ea36.svg)](https://classroom.github.com/a/60T8jdNU)
[![Open in Visual Studio Code](https://classroom.github.com/assets/open-in-vscode-718a45dd9cf7e7f842a935f5ebbe5719a5e09af4491e668f4dbf3b35d5cca122.svg)](https://classroom.github.com/online_ide?assignment_repo_id=13771903&assignment_repo_type=AssignmentRepo)
[![GitHub Classroom Workflow](https://github.com/IT3049C-Lively-FA23/chatting-application-Jiymeade/actions/workflows/classroom.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/IT3049C-Lively-FA23/chatting-application-Jiymeade/actions/workflows/classroom.yml)
=====================
![Assignment Checks](https://github.com/IT3049C/Chatting-Application/workflows/Assignment%20Checks/badge.svg)

Instructions to this assignment can be found [here](https://reedws.github.io/IT3049C/coursework/labs/chatting-app/).
- [x] update the assignment checks above to the correct link. - Done Automatically
## Checklist:
- [ ] update the assignment checks above to the correct link
- [ ] make sure the assignment checks pass
- [ ] fill out the self evaluation and Reflection
- [ ] submit the repository link on Canvas

## Self-Evaluation:

how many points out of 20 do you deserve on this assignment: 

## Self-Reflection:
<!-- Write your self-reflection under this line -->

### How long it took me to finish this?


## Discussion Questions:
1. What does the bootstrap `display-4` class do?

Commit message:

Finallt got it to work and ReadMe.md

README.md, after:

[![Review Assignment Due Date](https://classroom.github.com/assets/deadline-readme-button-24ddc0f5d75046c5622901739e7c5dd533143b0c8e959d652212380cedb1ea36.svg)](https://classroom.github.com/a/60T8jdNU)
[![Open in Visual Studio Code](https://classroom.github.com/assets/open-in-vscode-718a45dd9cf7e7f842a935f5ebbe5719a5e09af4491e668f4dbf3b35d5cca122.svg)](https://classroom.github.com/online_ide?assignment_repo_id=13771903&assignment_repo_type=AssignmentRepo)
[![GitHub Classroom Workflow](https://github.com/IT3049C-Lively-FA23/chatting-application-Jiymeade/actions/workflows/classroom.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/IT3049C-Lively-FA23/chatting-application-Jiymeade/actions/workflows/classroom.yml)
=====================
![Assignment Checks](https://github.com/IT3049C/Chatting-Application/workflows/Assignment%20Checks/badge.svg)

Instructions to this assignment can be found [here](https://reedws.github.io/IT3049C/coursework/labs/chatting-app/).
- [x] update the assignment checks above to the correct link. - Done Automatically
## Checklist:
- [ ] update the assignment checks above to the correct link
- [ ] make sure the assignment checks pass
- [ ] fill out the self evaluation and Reflection
- [ ] submit the repository link on Canvas

## Self-Evaluation:

how many points out of 20 do you deserve on this assignment: 20/20

## Self-Reflection:
<!-- Write your self-reflection under this line -->
I blame my lack of knowing and recognizing when I spell something wrong. Coding plans are put to recongnize the bigger goal and then not messing up the most small details. You spell something wrong or you forget a ` ` then automatically you wont get the right results. Even if you have soemthing coded right like the submit button, if it doesn't work it might not be the submit button fault like I thought. Coding and I have a love and hate relationship. 

### How long it took me to finish this?
The html and Java took me a day but it was still the basic html start up screen and the send button wasn't working. 
Then I relalized I spelled something wrong like Second along with this my whole javascript was in my html document. When I moved it and added the rest of my fetch server it worked. That took my about 2-3 hours, so A day and 2-3 hours. 


## Discussion Questions:
1. What does the bootstrap `display-4` class do?
The bootstrap `display-4` makes the heading have a larger font size. Which for example can be classified as a way of making the text prominent in its display like a main title or a headline in magazines.
